I do you think piers is so offensive
well I think the way that piers talks
about trans people and specifically
non-binary people is that you mock them
you make fun of them use them as
entertainment use the lives of real
people in this country a vulnerable
minority as something to make fun of and
get a reaction and I don't think that's
the quality journey when you claim that
you're a two-spirit pain yeah you know
why did that go on just you and I have
this debate about the hundred genders
yeah I made the point if literally you
can now identify in a hundred different
ways your gender could in two-spirit
person and all this other stuff then I
am entitled to identify as a two-spirit
penguin in other words there are no
limits and what's interesting is you
want me to respect all those hundred
genders however ludicrous some of them
are but you have zero respect for my
right to identify myself in any way I
see fit
so in other words it's one more for you
you say everyone's entitled to say they
can be whatever they want but the moment
I decide that I want to be a parrot
penguin you go absolutely nuts I'll go
to control myself identify that's not a
point I'm making but it's not
transphobic okay is exposing a flaw in
your position it isn't because being a
penguin isn't agenda that's not on the
gender spectrum can't you see how he's
taking it to that degree it doesn't
matter how many times you pretend to be
pingu Morgan that's still not a gender
that people can identify with but what
we know is that there will be people
watching this program this morning who
might be vulnerable who might be unsure
that a trans that a non-binary and it
can do real damage when I was growing up
I watched GMTV religiously and I was gay
and unsure about my sexuality and I fear
that if that had been mocked constantly
on breakfast telly there but on that
point there are a few people who have
been louder and prouder about promoting
gay rights on television then I have
really relentlessly on this program 2-0
credit people like you writing gaily is
she nobody has been loud and proud in
promoting trans rights an Indian
firm that because she's seen it and
she's responded to it and come on and
debated it with me so when you call me
racist homophobic but I've seen all the
stuff on Twitter in the last two days
right it's a bit of an apparently I'm
racist
I'm transphobic I'm bigoted I'm homeless
it's all baloney it's actually baloney
what I think should be happening is this
whole gender debate to me has got
completely out of control and and the
reason I feel so insane I'll come to
engineer mode the reason I feel incensed
about this hundred gender thing imagine
being in DeWitt in India Willoughby
who's gone through transitioning which
is an extraordinarily difficult
emotional psychological and physical
process lasting a long period of time
mm-hm and then when you finally get to
transition to be a woman right have you
wanted to be that your your whole life
then you get told
actually it's meaningless because there
are now a hundred ways now identified
Jeff India yeah I think piers is a
beacon of light and most trans people
are actually gonna use the word
transitioners here because transgender
now has become something completely
different
transgender now is about floating about
in the middle no commitment you pick and
choose who you want to be and with the
greatest respect I don't need any gay
people coming in to represent me because
I'm trans it's not the same as being gay
and if you're saying that you know this
is making a mockery of gender well won't
your views on drag I find drag far more
offensive than anything that Perez says
drag agenda no but drag is gay men
dressing up as women in a flamboyant way
exaggerated manner and mannerisms not
accept it is it is that's a ridiculous
thought do you not accept though that
you identifies as you were you a trans
woman no I know like you know I no
longer identify as trans because it
becomes so embarrassing because of
people like you and what you chose India
I'm ashamed of it he must have thought
there are people there are bigoted
people I this protector a hunter a bigot
Asifa missile II don't recognize your
identity why does it make why is it okay
when you
recognize that that is unacceptable and
bigoted for you to turn to non-binary
people and say you don't recognize their
identity if you're not a racist edible
okay listen how can non-binary be
transgender what exactly are you trying
on Braille you don't even believe in
gender so how can I be trans in it's
made a mockery of that I totally agree
in Ossipee but you're not compassionate
it's this hard line there they've been
subjected to more foul abuse on social
media apps and I had in the last few
days since this campaign started against
me there is an aspect of I'm afraid your
lobby group for one of them over at the
gender lobby group which is highly
abusive it wants everybody that they
don't agree with to be fired canceled
destroyed and everything else and I say
what is wrong with debate you and I came
on and we debated it on here right yeah
I actually learned a bit from you and
perhaps you learned a bit from me and
maybe you didn't but your response to a
good natured debate no still not come
back on and demand I got fired because
we only want people sitting here that
you agree with and I say that most
people most people I say this with
respect to you most people think the
concept of 100 genders is utter nonsense
and it takes me to say on television get
away from this this ridiculous control
freak URI stuff that though was allowed
to challenge it if it's to me that says
that I'm gonna say it and you're not
gonna stop me and you're not gonna get
me fired
certainly use your expertise on gender
and you got any gender issues I'm a
cisgendered male and I'm feel for you I
feel to be comfortable in that y'all may
not live to explain why I was born as a
man and I identity I'm a man you don't
need this here's you don't you think
you're under attack
imagine being someone who has been
criticized by their friends by their
family by their school by parts of the
media from the day they now are
interesting it's got humor it's all
where I grew up they knew I grew up in
Brighton right about five miles of where
I grew up there are now 85 kids
identifying as gender-fluid non-binary
it is nonsense it's confusing my mental
is yeah
using everybody you've got kids watching
this program now hearing you say there
are a hundred ways to identify your
gender not male or female through a
hundred way to you compassionate and
confused you know what dangerous you
don't be better than you being fired
because actually I'm not intensely keen
on this cancelled culture what you
signed a petition that we fired I did
because you don't seem to want to learn
but what would be better
how you think is what you mean you want
to fire me because you want me to think
well you think about liberals today's
they've become so a liberal they're only
stint in making other people agree with
them and think like them and if they
don't they know platform them they ban
them they cancel them they signed
petitions to get people to fire and it
is utter nonsense you ever think you go
too far then Jim you ever do you ever
regret some of the comments I'm not on
gender and the reason identified as a
two-spirit penguin was actually not
actually as you think to make it cheap
mockery of people that transition I
completely support all transgender
people who transition I don't support
this hundred gender non sirs because I
think it trivializes and demeans and
makes a mockery of what people are India
and most people who have transitioned on
psi this is not translated I think I
resent you using that phrase I'm
somebody the challenging this ridiculous
notion that there are now a hundred
genders that is dangerous and I just
think the hundred gender thing has
thrown everybody surely some people I
got totally understand and sympathize
with people who have an issue with
gender stereotyping hmm but a hundred a
hundred ways to do what this is these
are this is an umbrella term of
non-binary people people who don't
consider themselves male or female and
these are the terms we have for them to
identify but a hundred well I mean those
are the different terms that people have
actually no different one money can you
know what we're not gonna go into that
because you don't need to be a world
gender expert you just need to be
compassionate people and mine are two
different things
yeah I've seen I've seen the compassion
shown to me in the last week it's zero
is yest abuse right and what you
actually want you want people to it
identifies anything they
one right to the point that someone like
me goes okay in that case I want to be a
two-spirit penguin then you go nuts
because that's not agenda I know I'm
aware spell I'm going to respect the
fact that I'm allowed to be there
because you want everyone to be whatever
they want to be you call people like me
snowflakes and say that will wheat yield
there's nothing harder than having the
guts to be yourself yourself my life is
more miserable because of what you're
saying and I mention his appointments I
can get enraged about all sorts of
things I wake up in the morning
simmering right I've read about vegan
sausage rolls I want to go nuts release
we'll have an argument involving vegans
however what I don't do is I don't tell
people that don't agree with me you have
to be fired or cancelled or deep
platform I debate with them I don't know
I don't like a lot of stuff but I'm
happy to have a debate when you had to
bail yes
I wonder why I thought interesting
debate mm-hmm now you're here to debate
me getting fired because you don't like
the fact I don't agree with you no
damage at all
no you're damaging people you're damn it
I'm telling you you have everything okay
your ideology has actually damaged my
career whole thing into a joke I've lost
work because of what it's become people
don't want to get involved with
transgender people thank you that you
give in to people who have bigoted view
question all the people areas
what's bigoted about that said again sir
everybody thinks 100 gender yes nonsense
is bigoted well the problem is that your
position I think a great many of them
have broader bigotry why are you so
offended but all stressed out by people
that wanna dog gives your the bond
signing petition to have me fired you
wanna count letting people you leave
I'll sit here and talk about why are you
so offended anyone so offended
here's I don't talk like that no but
he'll do that I do
my point is this if you're gonna sit
here and talk about minutes what about
the offense you cos wanna see but I
don't your fence recalls - it's not
offensive to say people can live and be
the people that they were born to be and
when you mock people like Sam Smith that
cause he's what I said about Sam Smith
two years ago he comes out as a gay man
that we all we all cover that right it's
a big moment he talks about it we all
cover it and within two years he's
abandoned that position and now says now
he's not sure of his male or female
right so he's a singer he's won Best
Male category Awards for many years
right what is he now gonna enter we now
hear the Britta
wait a minute we now hear the Brit
Awards has to go Awards neutral almost
raising as a result of Sam Smith so
because of one guy yeah who now says I
can't decide if I'm male or female we no
longer have best male or female
categories you know who will suffer in
that women women are so silly they will
win less Awards so actually these are
interesting issues you know and I should
be able to challenge you and to debate
it we're about my identity to me half a
lifetime to become Who I am today
I don't want to live in a neutral world
with the greatest respect everything's
becoming gender do you agree for example
that there is a serious issue about
transgender people born to male bodies
hue transition to women hmm taking part
in female sport and breaking all the
records and basically making women born
to women bodies female bodies actually
they can't compete that fair trans women
are women oh they're not they are
example a six foot five inch right
person born to a male body who's a
sprinter as is happening in America
right now in Connecticut the women's
records have been annihilated by two
very tall very strong people who
transitioned amount of female in their
teams now that now breaking all-female I
won't play into the demonization of
trans people that's the point
transition fair to women is it fair to
enrich your actually accept that if we
have gender-neutral Awards that there is
a real danger living in a misogynistic
culture that will mean for um in a
recognized I tell you
so women now get punished at a war so
much okay what about sport
what about sport do you think there's
any unfairness to be the male for their
different sports were in golfer is going
to struggle from this okay we feel like
I feel like we've now gone into a
different area resume
you